This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by VeryDeepGames. 

  User Provided Information 
You don't have to provide any information to use the application.
 
  Automatically Collected Information 
The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use and information about the way you use the Application. 

  Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application?
No, excepted for analytics companies as described in the section below

  Automatic Data Collection and Advertising
We may work with analytics companies to help us understand how the Application is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage. VeryDeepGames uses Crashlytics for this purpose. 

  What are my opt-out rights?
You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. 

  Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
The data is deleted when you uninstall the application. The data automatically collected by analytics companies is kept and managed by them. 
Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

Your Consent
By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
Contact us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at verydeepgames@gmail.com
 
